I don't know how that works because like
I mentioned earlier I'm not vegan and
I'm not the vegan police I didn't say
nothing to her but I just now I know so
I can just like hang out and welcome to
hot chocolate chat today I'm drinking a
hot chocolate from Starbucks and I want
to talk about Junior Mints the candy I
saw this girl's post on Instagram that
she was eating Junior Mints and I also
know that she's a vegan and I thought to
myself hmm our Junior Mints vegan so I
had to google it and I also thought to
myself
you ain't vegan and you ain't the vegan
police but I'm still curious the
confectioners glaze which is um it's the
chocolaty part contains shellac there's
more hang on now I've only associated
shellac with like getting your nails
done you know like the shellac kind of
nails which is kind of the same thing
but do you know where shellac comes from
cuz it comes from somewhere shellac is
made from the secretions hold on hang on
all right of the female Lac La si bug
was I didn't even know existed much less
that she was secreting anything the
secretions of the female Lac bug that's
where shellac comes from
I mean did y'all already know this and
y'all just didn't want to tell me
because like you didn't want to gross me
out or anything
so technically at least according to
this article that my friend and I say
friend I don't even know where I just
know we're on Instagram but she's not
supposed to be eating that if she's
vegan because that's not vegan approved
or something I don't know where are
their levels of veganism I don't know
how that works because like I mentioned
earlier I'm not vegan and I'm not the
vegan police I didn't say nothing to her
but I just now I know so I can just like
but the thing is I like Junior Mints so
now but now I don't I don't know it's
kind of like hmm but that can probably
be true for almost like anything no eat
there's gonna be stuff in it that's kind
of like Oh what unless you possibly just
like eat air or something I don't know I
guess you really need to like think
about what you're eating but y'all if
this something in my hot chocolate I'm
on a need-to-know basis and I don't need
to know right now because I don't need
to know if y'all have any other stories
about what's really in your food you
better share it with me cuz I find it
interesting and let me just kind of say
part of the reason that I'm kind of
grossed at is because it had the word
secretions it's kind of like the word
moist it's like mmm
I have to be careful about when you use
those kind of words like for example you
could say that's moist cake but moist
hands mm-hmm you know what I'm saying
because it's just like moist cake it's
like mmm but moist hands it's kind of
good and I'm not sure if you can
actually ever use the word secretions
alongside with food in the same sentence
I don't think so
all right now that's what I want to talk
about today Junior Mints and secretions
from the lac female Lac bug if you want
to follow me on snapchat its side of
Awesome and on Instagram and YouTube
it's our gray house but just don't
follow me in real life though because
that's creepy PS today we're meeting
with the home designer look at them
lashes doh I'm using L'Oreal carbon
black
you